
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# mapspamc_mwi

This repository contains the scripts to create crop distribution maps
with the [`mapspamc`](https://github.com/michielvandijk/mapspamc) R
package for Malawi, covering the year 2010. To run the scripts, the user
needs to install `mapspamc` and download the [mapspamc
database](ADD%20link), which includes all the required input data,
including subnational crop statistics for Malawi as well as global maps.
Note that the (subnational) statistics were modified for illustrative
purposes and therefore results might differ from those presented in
SPAM2010 (Yu et al. 2020). Please use the original SPAM product when
presenting crop distribution maps for Malawi.

Detailed information on how to install the package and run the Malawi
case-study is provided in the articles of the `mapspamc` package website
(<https://michielvandijk.github.io/mapspamc/>). Additional information
is available in a scientific journal article (Dijk et al. 2022). Please
cite this article if you use the `mapspamc`package.

## References

<div id="refs" class="references csl-bib-body hanging-indent">

<div id="ref-VanDijk2022b" class="csl-entry">

Dijk, Michiel van, Ulrike Wood-Sichra, Yating Ru, Amanda Palazzo, Petr
Havlik, and Liangzhi You. 2022. “<span class="nocase">Generating
multi-period crop distribution maps for Southern Africa using a data
fusion approach</span>.”

</div>

<div id="ref-Yu2020" class="csl-entry">

Yu, Qiangyi, Liangzhi You, Ulrike Wood-Sichra, Yating Ru, Alison K. B.
Joglekar, Steffen Fritz, Wei Xiong, Miao Lu, Wenbin Wu, and Peng Yang.
2020. “<span class="nocase">A cultivated planet in 2010 – Part 2: The
global gridded agricultural-production maps</span>.” *Earth System
Science Data* 12 (4): 3545–72.
<https://doi.org/10.5194/essd-12-3545-2020>.

</div>

</div>
